Add aggregate functionality for base layers (#384)
posit-dev/ggsql: doc/syntax/layer/type/area.qmd

* `orientation`: The orientation of the layer, see the [Orientation section](#orientation). One of the following:
    * `'aligned'` to align the layer's primary axis with the coordinate system's first axis.
    * `'transposed'` to align the layer's primary axis with the coordinate system's second axis.

> * `aggregate`: Aggregation functions to apply per group. Either a single string or an array of strings. See an overview of aggregation function in [the `DRAW` documentation](../../clause/draw.qmd#aggregate) and more information in the *Data transformation* section below.

Reviewer: Similar for other layer/type docs
```suggestion
* `aggregate` Aggregation functions to apply per group: 
    * `null` apply no group aggregation (default).
    * A single string or an array of strings. See an overview of aggregation function in [the `DRAW` documentation](../../clause/draw.qmd#aggregate) and more information in the *Data transformation* section below.
```

## Data transformation

> This layer supports aggregation through the `aggregate` setting. Within each group, defined by `PARTITION BY`, all discrete mappings, and the primary axis, every numeric mapping is replaced in place by its aggregated value. Use a default like `'mean'` or target individual aesthetics with `'<aes>:<func>'`. See [the `DRAW` documentation](../../clause/draw.qmd#aggregate) for the full setting shape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This layer supports aggregation through the `aggregate` setting. Aggregation groups are defined by `PARTITION BY`, all discrete mappings, but also the primary axis. Within each group, every numeric mapping is replaced in place by its aggregated value. Use a default like `'mean'` or target individual aesthetics with `'<aes>:<func>'`. See [the `DRAW` documentation](../../clause/draw.qmd#aggregate) for the full setting shape.
```
Just stresses a little bit more that aggregation also happens over axis. Same for other layers where this applies, e.g. bar layer.
